Aztecs believed avocados were so sexually powerful that virgins were banned from eating them.
In New Zealand, every high school is entitled to 1 pound of uranium and 1 pound of thorium, for experimentation. However, there is a fine of $1 million for creating nuclear explosions.
Michael J Fox's Middle name is Andrew
"Arschgeweih", the German word for tramp stamp, literally translates to "ass antlers".
"Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra `n and then suddenly it flips over `n pinning you underneath. `n At night, the ice weaseles come." http://i.imgur.com/H2yhHVB.jpg
Bricks are domesticated rocks.
Dr Thomas Midgley. He is responsible for adding lead to fuel and for the creation of Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) used in refrigerators. He is credited for doing more damage to the atmosphere than any other living organism ever.
Natalie Portman missed the premier of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace to study for her high school finals.
the guy that invented the Pringles can requested that his ashes be buried in one, his request was granted.
scientists detected an atomic nucleus traveling at 99.9999999999999% of the speed of light, with energy 20 quintillion times that of visible light. It was appropriately named the "Oh-My-God Particle."
 in 1971, burglars were able to steal records from the FBI simply by leaving a note on the front door of the Delaware office that said "Please don't lock this door tonight"
 Bill Gates rented out every hotel room on the island of Lanai, Hawaii, and chartered all nearby helicopters to not fly for the day for his wedding.
 As of 2011, there are more barrels of bourbon aging in the state of Kentucky (4.7 million) than there are people who live there (4.3 million).
 James Cameron made the movie Titanic to get a dive to the shipwreck funded by the movie studio; not because he particularly wanted to make the movie.
 Johnny Cash's family refused to allow "Ring of Fire" to be used in an advertisement for hemorrhoid-relief
 Chiefs QB Elvis Grbac was selected People's "Sexiest Athlete Alive" in 1998 by accident. Rather than offend Grbac, the magazine just ran with it
  George Clooney once was asked if he would ever play a gay role, his response was "I already did — as Batman"